changed the title and a 1 line description (#1934)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: setup/install/providers/aws/aws-ec2.md

> :warning: These instructions are out-of-date and a new version is being
> worked on. In the meantime, please use the following
> [AWS tutorial: Continuous Delivery using Spinnaker on Amazon EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/continuous-delivery-spinnaker-amazon-eks/).

> The AWS EC2 Provider is used if you want to manage EC2 Instances via Spinnaker. Refer to the AWS Cloud Provider [Overview to](https://spinnaker.io/setup/install/providers/aws/) understand how AWS IAM must be set up for the AWS EC2 provider to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the AWS EC2 Provider if you want to manage EC2 Instances via Spinnaker. Refer to the [AWS Cloud Provider Overview](https://spinnaker.io/setup/install/providers/aws/) to understand how AWS IAM must be set up for the AWS EC2 provider to work.
```
